>> Kent C. Dodds: Just a couple more and
then I'll set you free.
So simulate is actually
built into ReactDOM, so
this is just a re-export from ReactDOM.
And you could check out the docs there.
It's pretty straightforward.
Simulate whatever event you want,
the element you wanna simulate it on, and
then any extra data that you
want to simulate that on.
In our integration test, we're gonna click
on a link that's a React router link.
In React router,
make sure that you're doing a left click.
And so
you have to add extra event data, so
that you can inform React router
that it's actually a left click.
And I have an example of that, but
that's a use case for that event data.
Wait accepts a callback.
You can also pass some options for
how quick your interval should be.
Cuz it's just checking every
x number of seconds and
running your callback, waiting for
it to not throw an error.
And then, also timeout.
The default is like 4,500 milliseconds
because Jest will time out after
5,000 milliseconds.
You can also do this, well, yeah.
There's also a utility
in DOM testing library,
which I don't think is exposed
from React testing library yet.
But it's waitForElement, and with this,
you can actually say wait for element.
And it will give you back
the element that you're waiting for,
which is pretty handy dandy.
So you can check that out
later if you want to.
Okay, and
we'll look at the fireEvent later.
All right, you ready to refactor
your test to use this stuff?
Give it a try at least.
You could install Enzyme if you really
want to, and feel free to do that.
And then you'll have to be like,
I have to install an adaptor too.
And like but
have fun with that if you want to.
So where we're gonna be
working is login.step-2.todo.
And I've got some things that
you can just comment out and
make some changes and stuff.
Just play around with it a little bit.
I think we'll just do this for
five minutes.
It should be pretty quick,
and then we'll come back and
we'll work though the solution.
So you're in watch mode,
you hit p, log in.step.2.todo,
and that all get your
login step 2 test running.